[Music] Pay
attention to what I've just been told pay
attention pay attention to what I've just been
told Pilar Vera irum's
statement Pilar Vera irum's statement on her
Twitter space you've already seen that
we've been talking about her a few
minutes Okay, well, coincidentally it has
nothing to do with what we've been talking about
coincidentally she just made a statement
on her space her and her her girls
called las cucas you already know that
Pilar berum is a person who supports
the right okay she supports the right
well she supports the right as long as they
are not leftists eh enemies
of javil veira okay eh You already know that
Pilar berum has very
clear ideals and very clear principles okay
regarding her coherence and her condition
Okay and the people that she supports on social media
the ideology that she supports on social media Okay,
so Pilar Vera irum that By the way that
by the way has some principles a
little bit a little bit like that okay they just
released several statements okay Well
actually they released the
statement yesterday that by the way well This  I
explain okay Pilar verum and her cucas
if you can catch my cli on Twitter I'll
retweet it please okay Pilar verum and her
cucas didn't do live or rather space on
Thursdays because Thursdays were sacred
because she was on Horizonte you
know that she supports Jimene a lot and
all these people all the ones that I
like basically em well they have turned their
backs on Iker Jiménez since Iker
Jiménez came to my channel and now they do
n't watch Horizonte and they do space on
Thursdays but there's more there's more all this
immense amount of people who support
Pilar verum have decided all this
amount of people who support Pilar
verum have decided this Sunday to stop following
Daniel esteve Dani will vacate you
on Sunday when Horizonte is going to fall already
with these people on Sunday on
Sunday when my podcast broadcast
with Dani will vacate Pilar verum and the
cucas are going to stop following desocupa
But there's more it doesn't end here the thing doesn't
end here let's see let's see those like  I
have two more pieces of information to give you I
have two more pieces of information to give you
I'll get to the super chat even if it's
[ __ ] because today we're here on
Friday I'm working here for a living let's
say Red Bull then Neither ideals
nor pickled [ __ ] No man redb
They have their their ideals very very
important do you think they don't have ideals
by jabi oliveira you think
Pilar ver irum would be capable of betraying
her immovable ideals and principles by
jav oliveira jav oliveira would be so important well I have
two more pieces of information
that they gave one a kiss solaje a kiss
my solaje Hey you always have to always have to
always have to finance
these solanes a kiss gorgeous one if
it occurs to us Fran isn't here today Fran
isn't watching this today you know Fran
with these things one laughs if it
occurs to us to bring the pocam if it occurs to us to
bring the pocam Lili but this
former thing added to what happened before with Pilar
Vera or in other words we would have to take Well then
we'll talk about what happened with Pilar Vera before
Even if it goes in the Peppa extract we
would have to  take it apart And add it to
this exclusive that we are giving Okay and it
would be the sad end for Horizontes de
ik Jiménez I forgot okay if we
decide to bring Ángel Gaitán to the podcast
they will stop following Ángel Gaitán and
two and two I have the clip here eh I mean they can't
deny it eh pay attention to this
pay attention to this very hard this eh very hard
this what am I going to say eh very hard this what am I
going to say if I collaborate with
Antonio David Flores They get off the
tide They get off the tide if I
collaborate with Antonio David
Flores
sick man how how do I penetrate so much with
people Eh but come on this, I didn't
need this eh I mean the fact of her
conversations with Antonia and everything and
all these things completely has
been completely clear It doesn't matter
her ideals or what she interprets in front of the
public that are her ideals what
she defends not the charade everything is
Javi I mean if I suddenly the lady I
think always retweets things about boxing and
things like that if she comes to Bascal she
leaves if she comes to Bascal she stops voting for
Box haters when she realizes  that Javi
lives on planet Earth and now they have to
travel to space they can't live on the
same planet as Javi oliv
God it's brutal how important I am eh it
's brutal how important I am eh what
always matters are my opinions eh I
think it would be the best for Antonio
David let's bring him Hey hao I'm bringing
Antonio David to the Channel do you think he would
come to the podcast do you think Antonio David would come to the podcast [ __ ]
eye eh eye listen eye how strong he has
been man this is really a fantasy eh
Look I mean there isn't a hater there isn't a
hater hater account that I would
watch and this 70 year old devil lady isn't there
in the comments Put in
replies putting a jil poy man
please ma'am Look at the pinned tweet has
changed his pinned tweet before the
pinned tweet was Diego Arrabal's click
saying that I had to pay him I don't know
what it's worth eh Well now the
pinned tweet the most important thing for this
lady on social media right now is eh citing
a stalker who is a stalker who
used to be  youtuber okay
formerly he was a youtuber got frustrated he
wanted to go as a gu it went wrong and now he's
with another identity crying no eh The
tweet of a stalker with hundreds of
messages that there are people in the
comment box of Albert's channel I
think they criticize alne who say that the
ass doesn't like Pilar and that montage
What's it worth to me what matters to me is what
Albert thinks about the ass that's the only thing
that would matter to me what the [ __ ] do I
care what they put in the
comment box when a person has
thousands of Followers Well within those
thousands of Followers there will be people who like you there
are people who don't like you
the people who bring there are people
who have an image of a person
because of what they defame here or
there okay here in my comment box
every time I mention javid Speaking
clearly for example you put a lot of
things that I have already said that I don't care
okay that I don't let myself say who to
talk to and who to No they put it to him too
the other day  I started looking at
the comments on a video that he uploaded
about me uh about me not reasoning I
think it was the thing about Iker or something with Fran
and that's it but what do I do well try to
normalize it try to normalize that I
get along with him no and that's it No,
what the [ __ ] do I care what the comment box says
of I don't know what this this is
your main thing
e Pilar this is your main thing
powerful thing that you have that I for example
have pinned a tweet of my child a
video that I think is beautiful to my child
for you The most important thing is Javi
Oliveira first you put one or the
environment first you put quotes a text from
Diego Arrabal that I have to
pay him some costs of a
procedure that hasn't even
started yet that I have to pay him the
costs of a one a mistake that
Pablo made well not that mistake because in the end
what we wanted came out I didn't have to put
my address okay But whatever it is it doesn't make
sense it doesn't make sense that makes you
happy that makes you happy Well now you you
go watching any Watch the video of
the serl that the video of the serl the
live of  today's llen has been I'm
sure that this lady hasn't even seen the
laser len live stream okay What
happens is that she shares it and
answers it because it's something against me okay
today's aslen live stream Listen to
this today's aslen live stream eh
Pilar verum Okay any of
you see a clip of Dallas treating
Miare badly like there are some where he calls her a [ __ ]
okay there are clips where Dallas
constantly calls her a [ __ ] this is a
lie I will answer it in the
dirty kids Okay if you see that and you
consider that this is
psychological abuse any person has the
legitimacy to be able to say for me that
is psychological abuse you are not
charging any crime um or according to
the serl okay Dallas has had
a complaint from that ex for
gender violence the things that
he explained that they put in the
complaint are fantastic and fabulous not
filed uh it was attempted to reopen on
some occasions filed every
time Okay and and according to laser len if you
consider it it doesn't matter what the
justice has said if you consider it then you
can tell him that it is a
psychological abuser you are not accusing him of any
crime Okay then Pilar verum defender
of Antonio David Flores who is supposed
to Pilar verun was from the blue tide
was not from the blue tide and we are supposed to
respect what
the judges have said with Antonio David Flores
Pilar one of two or you stop doing the mam
racha on networks or defend Rocío
Carrasco because Tas is a friend of
Antonia who says that Antonia is a good abuser
abuser who has
kidnapped her children what
blah blah blah and now you defend this this
direct I will call you fuchsia and at
least you do not hide it Look, I have no
principles or ideals or anything I
have nothing my my my axis is Javi
Oliveira and his environment I have become obsessed
with a person I do not know and that is
my axis I have no ideas or principles
nor am I consistent with any of my
feelings and what I defend And
that Pilar and at least you make a fool of yourself it
is a [ __ ] fantasy what what of
course they put a
lawyer colleague of the  family you know they
put a lawyer who thinks the same as
them and Eh well they have a guy there
insulting and saying these things to
us that you can take If you
consider it and call Dallas an
abuser Well this Pilar Vera among
other things that have been said in the
live that we are seeing these
days seems like a fantasy 70 years the
baby 70 years the baby is okay already with
all her [ __ ] says # yomer revealed on
Sunday Antonio David does a live we
continue celebrating acquitted well
Pilar Well look what they have acquitted Antonio
David Well according to Your colleague according to Your
colleague your new colleague Well what I do
consider Antonio David I can
tell you is that he has committed
procedural fraud Ah they have acquitted her I don't give a
damn I don't give a damn I
consider it I am not
accusing him
Brando Antonio David's lawyers
senseless messing with celebrating the
trial that Antonio had won I mean it does
n't make sense But absolutely
none of them have principles they have no
coherence the axis is Look I don't know what
Francu is about what he is saying
crisc an account called Javi El
pelucas because Pilar Vera appears
maybe she hasn't even read Maybe she surely hasn't even
read this and says Uf But that is
very against Podemos she is very against False
accusations she is
very against False accusations
Wilson messes with FJ that's how they are in
this in this lady's space man
Look at the account eh I mean the account is
every T there is a hater okay
begoña jpe you will come back a clip of mine of a
stalker another tet of a stalker this is
a person who was dedicated to creating
multi-accounts that were called Cristian
this is a very long Lore that I'm going to
tell us about the kids okay em very
clever you don't have to be for when they've
lowered your pants and everyone and
everyone's fingers point at you as a liar
start harassing your
rival's lawyer that I have harassed the lawyer of
the rival that I have harassed the
lawyer of Luis hender and the series that I have
used that  lady Nothing new
really nothing new Nothing new damn tremendous
this tremendous this tremendous
obsessive tweet from Fran cua saying I have
said everything I had to say on
the subject whatever I say well I'm not going
to say anything else we wait to see what
justice does bad company bad
company yours no pretty bad
company yours that you hang out with
all the internet harassers bad
company yours that
threatened me on your Twitter space do you remember when they
threatened me from your Twitter space
and said that I had to be dead
or something like that I remember what it was I don't
remember what it was literally bad
company no if it's Yuji's fault that he
reported Frank it's my fault
the fault that they reported
Fran is for hanging out with me you are
obsessed you are obsessed you are not well
bad company she puts on Fran Oh right
this is also
tremendous not this address that
Dallas and Oliveira use madam already since in the
end I am going to do the series that I have
pending to do since I use an
address to file a report but what what what what
what  what address is this I do
n't know what the [ __ ] address is this how am I
going to use what report when have
I filed a report what reports have
I filed Okay Pilar Pilar don't doubt
Pilar don't doubt [ __ ] they have no brakes man I have
n't seen anything more pathetic Eh well
anyway I don't know why we're looking at
this lady's account Oh yeah because she's
hanging out with Peppa Hey Pilar I have a t of
yours that was for which I was going to
sue you that said that I was a
thief And you collaborate with Peppa you don't
ask her for explanations of the 240 let's see what
happens with that no no man but let's go
Ah I mean anything she sees against
me Pin Pin Ah okay Uf emoji Wow 70 years old
the bus like the like the buzzer from
Indio the buzzer from Indio calls us The
alcoholic grannies Look buzzer I don't know if
you're from After you're in one of these clubs
for retirees playing the game I
only know that you spend the whole [ __ ]
day on Twitter on Twitter live
spaces I don't know  how life gives you the
truth is that Well look I'm going to tell you
something silly I
like to take my shot of pacharán at night I don't
know you I don't know what you like to take you
know how I want to tell you also as I've
never heard you speak because you are
here the yes as the sprouts say the sauce
of all the parsleys This is the
space of these ladies eh I don't know if you
should also put it in the in the
extract that Lili This is the SP that one
also eh of those ladies Look Pilar
Vera you like in verdar that is in the
front line what it is what it is in
verdar you are really good at taking
screenshots How are you Well like
another stalker Well another stalker another
stalker that you are like that so clearly I'll
tell you son and tomorrow take the
screenshot again don't call the
alcoholic yayas the ones with the guatiné and whatever
comes out of your nab or or or [ __ ] I don't care I mean it
's that I don't give a damn son and the
black bee Well look I  more than a pony
eh I like the Osborne bull more and if
not the Fiz Campeador I like his
horse Bavieca who has balls that
you wouldn't believe what balls black sheep has you
know what I mean look at you
you roll around in the oil slick And
surely instead of Black Sheep you
become White Sheep because you have
so much toxicity girl it's that your
pores don't fit because it's something that
I will never understand j and and you imagine How
good that or rather you imagine this that is
your mother or your grandmother or your
sister or something like that man it's something
that I will never understand when something does
n't interest me I completely ignore it
you no you are annoying
day in and day out and yes I'm
going to tell you one thing shoots and I'm going to
repeat it to you Look eh I'm telling you
very clearly I'm so disgusted but disgusted
eh disgusted like the kinkis br And yes I'm going to
tell you one thing shoots I'm going to  say
one thing shoots shoots who's
telling it to Marta and I'm going to
repeat it to you Look eh I'm telling you very
clearly I feel so disgusted but disgusted eh
disgusted like the kinkis and mias like
the condemned and all the other
accusers the same disgust I have you well
and I'm going to tell you one thing yes I say it for
real eh to me if one day Antonio
David would catch any of these
harassers or do anything with him you
condemn of course but it's that it would bring me
down but already
as if they were above the
tide you know like If they were already in the
tide as if they were part of the tide
God man if she is a devilish lady eh I
mean she is a devilish lady I
imagine her like that completely eh also eh
man What a shame what a shame how is
this group eh this Pilar Vera but I would bring me
down but quickly because I have not
seen worse scum than you you
you and and the condemned Okay and the and the
lazne the the sea bream eyes Come on you know
Then how not  I've seen the sprouts is
Consuelo Why the sprouts is or rather
has nicknames for all the worst people
is something that would not enter my cause
because my cause is injustices her
cause is with all her [ __ ] it is against
harassers like you okay because one
thing is cento in wind well say
something but it's that you are Every [ __ ]
day it's that it's morning afternoon and night
then meatball Look I'm going to tell you
meatball thing meatball their
causes are injustices eh Look
first the [ __ ] what are these called
from the coffee what are they called [ __ ] I
said it the other day how I don't drink them don't
help me Pilar help her Pilar come on you
know Pilar help her Pilar is tindle to
Wilson Pilar says that
we are the harassers that she prefers Wilson
Javiel canino Javi wig and all those
healthy people How On the other hand I don't
understand the devotion that some have
for the Indian and the donkey that they are critical
and I keep quiet about Antonio viid and his children
Well that's for me What's strange  It's that they continue
that someone from the tide gives them space, or
whatever, or whatever, or whatever Sorry Pilar Vera, it doesn't make
any sense, eh, or whatever Pilar
Vera Says that since someone from the tide is
going to give space to the Indian or to Anne
who are critical of Antonio David that she
doesn't understand how someone from the tide
gives him space But if you talk to
Antonia and you stay with her and you
think she's great and you believe Everything she
tells you or you give her credibility, I don't know if you'll
believe it but you give her credibility,
man, it doesn't make any sense but there's no way to
get it These are these are
the alliances that have to be made
between people like this between people like this with a
little bit of liquor carajillo damn
carajillo carajillo Well look,
meatball eh, I don't usually
like carajillos meatball I don't know
who you know, watch the four Look, I'm
going to tell you something, I'm going to continue
reporting every day that I see something, well, I don't
know, when you condemn all these
harassing people, I'm going to continue reporting them
Look, the other day  there's a clip that is that I was
pissing myself with pleasure please lady how
unpleasant that I was pissing myself with pleasure and how
disgusting that I was pissing myself with pleasure And you this
lady with the carajillo at so many in the
morning with that voice and she takes it and pisses
where I caught her sitting my mother was from the
condemnations it's like not recognizing
the cats the cats that have been the
host for him it's not that I don't recognize
the cats the cats are racel that
now now the cats are all of Twitter
all of Twitter that supports the cats are
the cats are the community of cats
as if I say the kids I don't
know all the kids nor do I know
all the gentlemen when someone
stops me and says Hey Javi I don't know well I
try to be as close as possible with
everyone who talks to me because I understand that they
follow me okay but I don't know them
Okay now the cats are however you
turn it around okay And you want to
blame the cats for  of of of the
death of pakirri okay Not every pakirri
died because they had to die because they had
an accident or because they did something wrong
while bullfighting or because they stood in front of a bull
okay the cats are rasel from Twitter
Chris Vale and the smurf the one that your
friend wanted to bust her mouth out for no reason
the others are from the
cat community Well because apparently they are
followers of her and they formed a
community on Twitter and then they
all sort of dispersed there and went to hell
no no I don't disown her I
talk to racel I don't talk to anyone
else I talk to rasel because we talked
at the time that she was
fighting with a friend of mine and I tried to
mediate So we exchanged phone numbers we
talked and then gossip let's talk
about this he sends me a click I don't know what I don't
know how much things are the same but come on
racel just like orus sends me click
just like Wilson and Wilson Wilson no
Wilson dedicates them to me every day he
sends them to me only everyone everyone who
has to go WhatsApp you are all  from here
because my phone is placed here next to it
everyone talks to me through there you
understand Now I, these people
who sent me the other day that they had
the account on lock and what and what they said Well
yes Javi Speaking clearly I'm leaving because
I don't know that one as a cat, let's say I do
n't even know look I don't know who it was that
tweeted the one with the lock I don't know who the one with the lock was I don't even
know who sent me the
screenshot Because someone sent it to me by msg
I'm at the gym this one where I go into the
Twitter msgs and reading the Twitter msgs
because someone had sent me
a screenshot that I don't remember
which one it was if I start looking then I'll
surely find Who it was that
sent it to me just because I don't recognize
the cat But how could I not recognize the
cat if I think Racel is a moderator
and if I'm not mistaken with the other two if they are
n't They are members I mean what a
strange nonsense is that but if we
mentioned Smurfette oh right now what I
don't recognize is that  all the
stories that I've had with
everyone are the fault of some teapots that I don't
know that are locked No man no that no no it
has nothing to do
with this story you know what I mean That was
a touch that I gave because they were like
trying to pressure me not to talk about
this one or not mention this one because it doesn't
fall to us and it's like no no care that I don't care
you understand it doesn't make
any sense but part of it trust you the
translation is that they do to everything, I mean about the thing about the
self-critical comment they've made up 28
stories that have nothing to do with me or
with my things or with things that
have happened to me nothing to do with okay but
now I clarify it and I say no no it's that
for me the cats are not those the cats
are these okay Well now the
translation to that is that I who
deny the cats well point number
one I don't have to deny anyone
because despite the good relationship that
I have with them with the three of them okay
well with the three of them no because I only
talk to racel no  they're going to let me lie
No never I don't think I've ever spoken to
Chris I don't know if Chris is the I don't know if
Chris is a person that I had to meet with I do
n't know I'm getting confused okay I don't know I'm getting
confused because maybe
Cris Is a person that I had to
meet with for something a report I don't know maybe I
'm getting confused okay but
listen to me and what did you tell me that I don't have to
disown anyone because
I'm not responsible for what
anyone does Okay then I don't have to
disown It's okay if they have a
problem on Twitter or they have a problem I don't
know how much then it's neither my fault Nor my
responsibility nor does it affect me okay The
only thing that when they've had a problem with
someone that I get along with Okay well
what I've been able to do is mediate if it's
possible it wasn't Cris okay F I'm what
people don't understand is that I don't
know everyone people think that
because they know me because they're
listening to me all day long because so and so that
I know them Maybe I don't
know everyone maybe I am look  Right now there
are 2000 people here,
you think that I walk down the street and I
know the 2000 people? Well,
man, if you tell me I'm such and such. Oh, well,
by name, maybe it sounds familiar to me
because we mentioned each other like when I saw
Josefa. You know, obviously, man, of course,
the names that are here every
day, if you tell me, Yes, but not
100% for me. I don't know everyone, what they do, do
you think I know what
the 2000 people here are doing? That's what they don't
understand? People don't understand. They
think that because they know where I
go, they know what time I get up, what I tweet, what
this, what that. They think
I know everything about everyone. Man,
look. Lily, there will be talks with a group of
people from Twitter and it will be a group of
people from Twitter that some of you will know,
others not. Then, on the other hand, l lailo will
talk with some people from Twitter and there will be
a Twitter group. The cats
will have another Twitter community and there
will be a few that talk to each other and
have their thing. I don't know what the others
are like that.  so up to 2000 people that
are here every night it doesn't make
sense But trust you the translation that
I deny my followers for
what And that he doesn't seem to be active on
Twitter touches the coones I mean I peed all over myself
I peed Well if he peed on you Tena
Lady Tena Lady is not active on Twitter
well he is not active his
workers pass it on to you I have said that I am not
active on Twitter but if I spend
the whole [ __ ] day hooked to Twitter that I have
said gentlemen I have said that here
well if I have said it I would be smoking
something that day I have said that gentlemen
here that I am not active But how am I going to
say that I am not active on
Twitter if I love Twitter I
am on Twitter every day what I
am not is wherever the 2000
people here are that I am not active on
Twitter because I sent him
a couple of tweets last week and he answered like
crazy And these days I have seen him
participate like crazy because of course he
also likes mud and mire
but  he no they have to send it to him
yes No he is he is a very gentleman and is not in a position
to tweet but I'm going to tell you one
thing both to those of the [ __ ] space to the
buzz that your idol the one who sir is your
idol who downloads the video of
a friend from YouTube without asking
permission he puts a filter on it to try to prevent
the copyright from jumping the
copyright jumps on him the friend gives him a strike
And he still sends him a message as if it
were a statement from the princess
due to the serious controversy I am
contacting you to try to
solve it for God's sake albond look at the
sentence is smarter Well he is
ignorant and a redneck but you girls
are even more so the day it doesn't suit him
eh the chips he has he
will deny you like the cats the cats were
the best for him now not
them with much affection for Javi of the
cats leave the aní damn he is there
all the time with the drink you don't
even know what he's talking about you are going to
look like the monkey knows them he doesn't even know
who they are he doesn't have a [ __ ] idea Well
when not  if he's interested in this thing he'll send you
all to hell with the
[ __ ] space the Indian's buzzer The
black sheep to the meatball all this is
for interest my daughters and one day
we'll see How he nia you too
recently denied the unemployed and his
vassal the FJ Well it will be the same with
you daughters but you keep going keep
going I've already told you eh that I'm going to keep
going and going until the final judgment
as long as you keep harassing you talk about
your little things don't worry because we're
not going to mention you at all here
as long as you keep harassing people I'm going to
keep doing it And yes broter yes
you are textbook harassers
and I think it would be better for you to
[ __ ] a little bit every day and stop
being a pain in the ass because they say
that people are happier when they [ __ ]
and I loved it because they say they say that
people are happier when they [ __ ] that's what
Marimar says no you  They said it, they didn't
tell you, that's why you wake up like that, no, I
see you as very upset, very obsessive
And that doesn't have to be
good to [ __ ], talk about [ __ ] like a utopia, you have to
relax, enjoy and forget about
everything and you girls don't forget about everything, it's that you
have us in your thoughts Well,
nothing family, sexual therapy from
Marimar okay, she looks very relaxed So it
must be that she gets laid,
well, the night hasn't been bad No,
the night hasn't been bad, no, [ __ ] 4 hours almost, man 4 hours 4
hours almost eh 4 hours
4 hours almost here eh chatting eh
[ __ ], how angry I get to unframe the
camera, frame the camera now, go
down 4 hours eh I'm going to schedule the
podcast, I'm going to schedule it Stay for
half an hour to put the 4 hours together Yeah,
man, we haven't done it today, nor today, we haven't
done either the objective or the
objective or member if I even want to,
mother, well, people, I think
the night has been good, my goodness, what  gossip today
eh mother of God over there tomorrow I'll
go to the salsería man over there tomorrow we'll
go to the salsería guys I said it
okay I'm leaving tomorrow Fran is here but I do
n't know if it's for now you woke up
man here's Fran now you're not sleeping you
say he hasn't gotten lost He's lost the
whole bun man well [ __ ] him he's already
lost what the [ __ ] am I going to sleep he's already
lost well [ __ ] Marimar we're
going to send
Marimar we're going to send her so she can write a poem for him Why why did we mention Fran before I don't remember what it was I continue But why was it Why did we mention Fran before what was it that they got him into something what was it
now [ __ ] him he's already lost He's
lost the cinema Oh now it makes me
mad not to remember why it was now it
makes me mad not to remember man Okay
Fran you've already lost the gossip now [ __ ] you
[Music]